Add initial set of documentation to build the `optimum-nvidia` container (#39)
huggingface/optimum-nvidia: docs/source/installation.mdx

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Installation

> There is currently no `pip` support for `optimum-nvidia` as transitive dependencies are missing on the PyPi index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently no `pip` support for `optimum-nvidia` as transitive dependencies are missing on PyPI.
```

> The easiest ways to get started are either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with Optimum-NVIDIA, you can:
```

> - Pulling prebuilt docker container `huggingface/optimum-nvidia`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pull the pre-built docker container `huggingface/optimum-nvidia`
```

> - Building the docker container locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build the docker container locally
```

## Pulling prebuilt Docker Container

Hugging Face pushes and hosts versions of the container matching the release version of `optimum-nvidia` on the Docker hub.
This container comes with all the required dependencies to execute `float32`, `float16`, `int8` compressed or quantized and `float8` models.

To get started, simply pull the container with the following command:
```bash
docker run -it --gpus all --ipc host huggingface/optimum-nvidia
```

## Building Docker Container locally

If you want to build your own image and/or customize it, you can do so by using the three steps process described below:

> 1. Clone `optimum-nvidia` repository `git clone --recursive --depth=1 https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-nvidia`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone `optimum-nvidia` repository:
```bash
git clone --recursive --depth=1 https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-nvidia && cd optimum-nvidia
```
```

Reviewer: Not sure if the formatting got thrown off here, but I'd suggest making this a copy-able code snippet

2. Build the `tensorrt_llm:latest` image from the NVIDIA TensorRT-LLM repository. If you cloned the `optimum-nvidia` from
the step above, you can use the following command (assuming you're at the root of `optimum-nvidia` repository:

```bash

> cd third-party/tensorrt-llm && make -C docker release_build CUDA_ARCHS="<TARGET_SM>-real"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd third-party/tensorrt-llm && make -C docker release_build CUDA_ARCHS="<TARGET_SM>"
```

```

Where `CUDA_ARCHS` is a comma-separated list of CUDA architectures you'd like to support.

> For instance here are a few:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance here are a few examples of TARGET_SM values:
```

- `90-real` : H100/H200
- `89-real` : L4/L40/L40s/RTX Ada/RTX 4090
- `86-real` : A10/A40/RTX Ax000
- `80-real` : A100/A30
- `75-real` : T4/RTX Quadro
- `70-real` : V100

3. Finally, let's build the `huggingface/optimum-nvidia` docker image on-top of the `tensorrt_llm` layer:

```bash

> cd .. && docker build -t <organisation_name/image_name>:<version> -f docker/Dockerfile .

Reviewer: I think this is building from the `third-party` directory but it should be from the top level `optimum-nvidia` directory

```suggestion
cd ../.. && docker build -t <organisation_name/image_name>:<version> -f docker/Dockerfile .
```

Reviewer: is the org name + img name + version supposed to be templated?

Author: Well, I was wondering if ppl would want to build with `huggingface/optimum-nvidia` but let's put this as the default
